Add renamed.to - AI-powered PDF renaming tool (#6)
OneOffTech/awesome-pdf: README.md

## Creation and production

> - [renamed.to](https://www.renamed.to) - AI-powered tool that reads PDF content and automatically renames files with descriptive names. Supports batch processing of invoices, contracts, and receipts. Available as a web app, [CLI](https://github.com/upspawn/cli.renamed.to), and [SDK](https://github.com/renamed-to/renamed-sdk).

Reviewer: Hey @alexerm great service, after looking at the main site linked and to ensure all entries are comparable I'd propose the following change.

```suggestion
- [renamed.to](https://www.renamed.to) - AI-powered tool that rename files based on the content, accessible as a web app, command line, and for integration within your application.
```

Author: really appreciate the nice words about the app, thanks! applied your suggestion, fits much better with the rest of the list

Reviewer: Thanks for letting us know your app!
